HTCONDOR-1870 add job nature docs (#1540)
htcondor/htcondor: docs/users-manual/quick-start-guide.rst

  (seen on the display), and standard error (seen on the display) may still
  be used, but their contents will be redirected from/to files.

What is a Job?
--------------

> Job is a very specific term in HTCondor. A job is the atomic unit of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Job" is a very specific term in HTCondor. A job is the atomic unit of work.
```

> A job may use multiple cores on a machine, but one job may not (in general)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A job may use multiple cores on one machine, but one job may not (in general)
```

> run across more than one machine.  To effectively user HTCondor, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
run across more than one machine.  To effectively use HTCondor, you will
```

Reviewer: This is the only "required" fix. ;)

> run across more than one machine.  To effectively user HTCondor, you will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use more than one machine at the same time.  To effectively user HTCondor, you will
```

need to divide your total work (often called a workflow) into a number

> of jobs, which can run asynchronously with respect to each other, but which
> may be connected by input and output files.  Each job is described by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of jobs.  These atomic units of work run asynchronously with respect to each other, but 
may be connected by input and output files.  Each job is described by a
```

> Job ClassAd, which is usually created by the system from a submit description file.

Reviewer: Why is 'Job' capitalized here?

Author: I think my editor did that...

HTCondor is a High Throughput system, which means it has been designed to 
effectively manage hundreds of thousands of jobs.  Attributes of jobs that
must be defined include the executable or script to run, the amount of memory, CPU
and other machine resources it needs, and descriptions of the file inputs it need.
The set of files used by a job is called the "sandbox".  There is an input sandbox,
the input files that exist before a job starts; the output sandbox, the set of files

> created by the job; and a scratch sandbox, the set of files made as the job runs.

Reviewer: Don't we normally call the 'scratch sandbox' the 'job sandbox'?

Author: Feel like "job sandbox" is a bit confusing wrt the various places a sandbox can live.
